MiraculousHub — Attack on Titan + Watch Together

This is the FULL website, including the updated uploader and both Workers.
Watch Together needs the updated video Worker and its Durable Object binding;
uploading only the HTML files will not activate party rooms.

1. UPDATE THE VIDEO WORKER

   Open wrangler.toml and replace REPLACE_WITH_YOUR_EXISTING_R2_BUCKET_NAME
   with the actual name of your current R2 video bucket. Keep:
     Worker name: miraculous-video
     R2 binding: R2_VIDEOS
     Durable Object binding: WATCH_PARTIES
     Durable Object class: WatchPartyRoom

   From this folder, deploy the Worker and its room migration:
     npx wrangler deploy --config wrangler.toml

   Wrangler will ask you to sign in to your Cloudflare account if necessary.
   The watch-parties-v1 SQLite migration creates the room namespace.
   If you already have a Wrangler config, merge the WATCH_PARTIES binding
   and migration into it and retain any existing bindings/migrations.
   Keep GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT as an existing Worker secret if you still
   use the old Drive fallbacks. Never add secret values to website files.

   The website already uses your existing Worker address:
     https://miraculous-video.ibbyzaman4.workers.dev

2. UPDATE THE UPLOADER WORKER

   Either replace its dashboard code with cloudflare-uploader-worker.js,
   keeping the VIDEOS bucket binding and UPLOAD_PASSWORD secret, or set
   the same bucket name in wrangler-uploader.toml and deploy:
     npx wrangler deploy --config wrangler-uploader.toml

   The uploader and video Worker MUST use the same existing R2 bucket.
   The uploader address is already set to:
     https://miraculoushub-uploader.ibbyzaman4.workers.dev

3. UPLOAD THE WEBSITE

   Replace your website files with this folder, including all new .js/.css
   files and attack-on-titan.html. Keep the subtitles folder.
   site-config.js holds the two Worker addresses if yours change.
   Firebase settings/rules are unchanged; Watch Together does not need
   a Firebase login or new Firestore rules.

4. UPLOAD ATTACK ON TITAN

   Open upload.html on miraculoushub.co.uk.
   Choose Type: Anime -> Attack on Titan -> the named episode.
   Upload your matching MP4. Its website card already points to that route.
   The original video filename does not matter.

   Main series: episodes 1–94, grouped by season, including the episodic
   cut of the Final Chapters as episodes 88–94.
   Full-length finale files: choose Final Chapters Special 1 or Special 2.
   Bonus files: choose OAD 1–8.
   These versions have separate keys so they do not overwrite one another.

   Every title and exact R2 key/player link is also listed in:
     attack-on-titan-upload-manifest.json

5. USE WATCH TOGETHER

   Open any episode or special -> Watch Together -> enter a nickname ->
   Create a party room. Copy/share the invite from Party details.
   Friends open that complete link, enter a nickname and press Join party.
   They can also paste the invite into Watch Together on any player.

   The host controls play, pause, seeking, speed and episode changes.
   Guests choose their own volume, subtitles and fullscreen/AirPlay.
   A browser may require a guest to tap Enable playback once.
   Up to 12 people can join; rooms expire after 24 hours.
   Refreshing reconnects with the same role. Keep the host tab open.
   If the host disconnects, the room pauses and waits 30 seconds before
   handing control to a friend. Choosing Leave hands over immediately.
   For another episode, the host uses Previous/Next or a player link in
   search; everyone follows, and the new episode starts paused at 0:00.

6. VERIFY AFTER DEPLOYING

   Open one episode on two browsers/devices. Create a room in the first,
   join its invite in the second, and check play/pause/seek and Next.
   For a private preview hostname, add its exact HTTPS origin to
   ALLOWED_ORIGINS in BOTH Workers before testing there.

   Code checks exercised the two player controllers with the actual room
   handlers through simulated WebSockets, plus upload/routing, security,
   hibernation, reconnect and Firebase progress regression checks.
   Your live Cloudflare bindings and real videos still need the check above.

The original Miraculous player appearance is retained. Death Note stays
compact; Attack on Titan uses the same subtitle-friendly compact controls.
Progress saves and room playback checkpoints still run every second.
Firebase quota/network failures keep the latest account checkpoint on this
device; deploying the room Worker does not reset a Firebase quota.
